






What I want to do today:
	
	Finish 0.4.1
		Add the new save feature
		Add an indication for saving like a progress thing.
		Do the same indication for loading.
		Fix loading times.

	Update the banner
		Make it larger (fill the empty space with more blocks)
		Maybe redo the text (try letters on just right side)

	Go comment more on the sockpuppet account.

	Access some games on sockpuppet through dev logs.

	Push the update
		Make a devlog.

	Use sock puppet to find the update through browsing dev logs.

	Start the video.

	You should also make like a pseudo trailer thing for the game.







Update Alpha 0.5.0 (Water you waiting for).

	Do the toolbar update.

	Do water/buckets.

	Maybe bridges.







Update Alpha 0.6.0 (Pass me a brew.)

	Add brewing stand.
		Use buckets to fill with water.
		Water should diminish as you make potions.
			(Not like the forge will!)

	Zombie drops.

	Plants and what not.

	Glass bottles too!

	Add an alchemist!
		(Village randomly generates a path and the building is generated on a new portion.)



This is pass me a brew!


Make a linear plan on paper.

	Start with brewing stand.


Fix Cover.

Alpha 0.6.0 | Quality of Life.
Make a starting menu.
Fix loading.

Update for Armour | That's Armoure






Update 0.5.0 | Water you waiting for?
	1. Add water.
	2. Add buckets.
	3. Save multiple worlds.
	4. Add progress for saving.
	5. Maybe add a starting menu?
		Would be good for itch.
	6. Add itch.io saving. (so buttons essentially).
	7. Maybe do the toolbar thing.
	(only some pools have sand maybe.)
	8. Sand?
	9. Cactus

Film discussion video. Just a discussion with some game play.
Talk about Patreon and all that stuff.








Inventory lighting issue (for transparent)
	Maybe comes from squishing objects too much.
	Try to adjust this.


Water to do.
	Fix network updating.										()
		Should start updating on action.						()
		Implement 'startUpdate' function (see below).			()

	Optimize checkAdj.											()
		Use world.getFluid().									()
		Only need to check edges!								()

	Move wooden bucket down slightly in inventory.				()

	Save/load 													()

	When you hold and cursor is green it expands. 				()

Networks only need to be updated on world changes.
So you can add a flag for blocks being placed or removed.
If any of the adjacent blocks are water then you can determine the network
and run its update.

For the WaterNetworks 'startUpdate' function this is how I think it should work.
	- When a block at z = -2 is interacted with, check it and all it's adjacent blocks.
	- If any are a fluid, then run block.network.startUpdate().
	- On startUpdate(), the networks counter gets set to say like 30?
	- It will then only update for 30 frames.


Well, I actually think how it should work is:
	When a water network is touched it runs it update to completion.
	Seriously this shouldn't be that hard.

	Keep updating until no blocks are added, there you're fully updated.


Should fix quantity display over all inventories.

I really like the metal alloy idea.

Shop questions:
	Should objects reset?
	Maybe include a timer if they do?
	Maybe not all objects reset? Like some are persistent?
	(Also how does this affect save/load?)



make potion system like zelda.
	3. Fix the thing where upone makes the ceiling opaque if you're not on a block.
		(Move to next update.)


Save load update!!! This should be the next one!!
	Very important 0.5.0!!!!!!

	

athanor (alchemy)


Can add a little iron brim around the bucket.


Bow no! (Update for bows.)



Notes:
	generateGlobalStructures handles global structures in the world.

	WORLD_SIZE = 25.

	Border exists from: 
		Bottom left: 	(0,0)
		Top right:		(259,259)

	So in general global structures must start in the range:
		(0,0) to (WORLD_SIZE*PORTION_SIZE+PORTION_SIZE-1, WORLD_SIZE*PORTION_SIZE+PORTION_SIZE-1)
		or
		(0,0) to (WORLD_SIZE*10+9, WORLD_SIZE*10+9)

		But push in by 1 on each side because the border. So:
		(1,1) to (WORLD_SIZE*10+8, WORLD_SIZE*10+8)

	Global structures are generated in 'make_world()' in 'worldgen.js'

Can make a mechanics video about world generation?
	- You can showcase it by turning off the grass.
	- I.e., prevent the grass from generating.
	- Can even get footage today.
	- Should do this when all structures are in place.

Make the game require signup to play.
	Explain this is to track user engagement.

Idea for toolbar
	Can keep hold/drop buttons as they were before,
	but move them so they are like where the move and moveall buttons
	are.

	When you select the item, you get [1,2,3,4] to manually select
	the toolbar position.

Buckets should be craftable.

Maybe if it rains the level of water networks increase?

Bosses can be like BOTW, there are set locations when the map is generated.
If you enter their radius it begins the fight.
They could start off sleeping?

ADD MICHAEL SCOTT!

Also villagers/towns/villages. 

A shopkeep that spawns somewhere randomly would be great!

Mob ideas.

Make the sign in thing more friendly?
Also maybe make it so that mobile users can play? (Would be hard as fuck tbh.)

Could just like partition screen so game is played in the middle

(Should add that thing where when you place blocks it places one above... like maybe draw an arrow.)

Need to fix notification queue when mining ores! (Not super important/ low priority!)

Maybe make dungeons just like a fixed number of them. Like how the shop will be generated.

Make difficulty scale as you get further away from center.
	Should also mark center.

Update Alpha | Leaf me alone.
	Add leaves and shrubs or whatever for potions
	Then do pass me a brew.

Update Alpha 0.4.0 | Shopkeep and New Enemy
	What do do for the new enemy?
	Enemies now drop gold.

Update Alpha 0.5.0 | Alloys.
	You should be able to make alloys by combining metals.
	Station.

Update Alpha 0.6.0 | Pass me a brew.

Update Alpha 0.3.0 | Control this
	1. Add the up block thing, e.g., placing blocks above.			()
	2. Add extra toolbar slot.										()
	3. Add the updated toolbar number idea.							()
	4. Also add for blocks.											()
	5. Add ability to move things in inventory.						()
		5.a) With little arrow icons.								()
	6. Fix the inventory ordering bug.								()
		6.a) E.g., on pickup/drop.									()

Update Alpha 0.3.0 | Water you doing?
	1. Water
		1.a) Saving and loading water networks...					()
	2. Sand
	3. Iron.
	4. Glass.
	5. Bottles.
	6. Draw distance with holes should be fixed.


Update Alpha 0.4.0 | Pass me a brew.
	1. Athelas														()
		1.a) Flesh this idea out.									()
		1.b) Zombies no longer drop potions.						()
	2. Iron. (Or some mythical equivalent)							()
		2.a) Mining iron requires copper							()
		2.b) Red cursor												()
		2.c) Make iron blue.										()
	3. Brewing Stand.												()
		3.a) Requires iron to craft.								()
		3.b) Use ingredients from enemies.							()
	4. Zombies now drop potion ingredient.							()
		4.a) Player can eat it for a small increase in health.		()
	5. Fix inventory ordering.										()
		5.a) Order is saved when item is fully dropped.				()
	6. Make copper and iron ore randomly drop 2 sometimes.			()
	7. Update arrow recipe same as tools.							()
		7.a) Also you can just tint the blue instead of making two	()
		7.b) Objects, it might look nicer.							()


Update Alpha 0.3.1 | Can you hear me?
	1. More sounds.													()


POTENTIAL FUTURE UPDATE IDEAS:

Update Alpha 1.0.0
	1. Day night cycle.
	2. Torches or lighting.
	3. Forge/Anvil.													()


Update Alpha 1.1.0
	1. Ghost enemy.
	
Update Alpha 1.2.0
	1. Enemy path finding.											()




Unorganized things todo:
	Sheep (animals), armour, water.
	Make recipes consistent (i.e., all with lines).
	Improve movement of bow cursor.
	Adjustable mouse sensisitivity.
	Cannot close window with cmd w.
	See objects returned when crafting.
	Ghosts as mobs that interact with light.
		They avoid lights, but can move through walls.
	Tweak player walking animations.
		Maybe revert to the old style.
		Maybe stop animations when action stops.
	Tweak inventory lighting.
	Local version, maybe on steam (can do local storage).

	Improving stone generation / ores.
		Can have two layers of stone and ores underground.
		Can kind of make stone spill out of the side.

	Should try to figure out ceiling transparency.

	Potential update names.
		Moving on up! (If you ever decided to add verticle movement.)
		Sound Update | Can you hear me?
		Online Update | Better Together!
		Lighting Update | Let there be (better?) light!
		Multiplayer | Better Together or It takes two... or three.

	Try 'drawContents' without the background.
	Include object properties like damage and stuff in the inventory.
	Similarly, give objects specific weight.

	Can add to pass me a brew update.
	Green potions with mysterious effects (dropped from zombies).
	Zombie heart/eye for brewing.
	Brewing stand.

	Can add little structures with dropboxes or chests.

	Make reddit account for promotion.
	Make itch.io account for promotion.
	Start commenting on other videos man carrying thing.

	Poll should sword be their own inventory slot?

	Make ores mythical.

	Hitboxes can be layered. Cubic but many.
	Maybe expand toolbar?

	Run ad campaign for the website itself.


Crap ideas:

I kind of have an idea for improving rendering. You could just store objectNumbers per portion. You do lose some instance info for grass blocks. But when you render you could just call a static draw function which you get by using the objectNumber on an array like when saving. Could also have a tandem array that defines instance variables. (Just an idea, don't worry about it now.)

			
	